# NativeAbstraction-I
This Project is about calling C++ functions from JavaScript and vice versa. The input is in input.txt.  (1) You are to read this file into a String in JavaScript using fileRead (the async version). Once the file is read then split it into an array of strings (using the \s regular expression as the delimiter). (2) You need to write a C++ addon that returns an object with the following keys: findUpper, hasUpper, findLower,  lcletters, ucletters. The values for findUpper, hasUpper, findLower are all functions. The values corresponding to lcletters and ucletters are strings. The first parameter to findUpper is a string that may contain uppercase letters, the second parameter is a string that contains the uppercase letters we are interested in. If the second parameter is empty then any uppercase letter present in the first string needs to be found. The parameter to hasUpper is a string. If it is not empty then only the uppercase letters specified in the string need to be checked for. If they are present then this function would return true otherwise false. If the input string is empty then all uppercase letters need to be searched for. The first parameter to the findLower is a (JavaScript) function and the second and third parameters are strings. You need to call the JavaScript function passing the second parameter as its first parameter and each character in the third parameter once to see if the character is present. The JavaScript function will return a bool to the C++ function to indicate if the character is present or not. The strings lcletters and uc letters contain the lowercase and uppercase letters from the original string passed to ant of the three functions findUpper, hasUpper and findLower. Each find function would return the letters it found. After creating the array from the input data from the file input.txt, pass each array element to hasUpper. Use Math.random 5 times and convert the result to an int and mod it with 27. If any of the value happens to be 26 then the second parameter is undefined. Otherwise, the second parameter will be composed of the corresponding letter (0 means A, 1 means B etc). Pass the first string to hasUpper, if it returns true then call findUpper otherwise call findLower. In all cases output the original string, the output of the find function and lcletters and ucletters.
